# GridBot
Grid Bot trading on Bybit that supports (in addition to the built-in grid bot on Bybit):
- Customized running period. Starts to run at `start_time` and closes at `end_time`.
- Customized `start_price`. The orders can be pre-determined rather than depending on the price at `start_time`.
- Inverse perpeptual contracts.

# Run
## Check Python installation
```
python3 --version
```

## Create a virtual environment
```
python3 -m venv venv
```

## Activate the environment
- macOS/Linux:
  ```
  source venv/bin/activate
  ```
- Windows (PowerShell):
  ```
  venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
  ```

- Windows (cmd.exe):
  ```
  venv\Scripts\activate.bat
  ```

## Install packages
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## API Keys
Replace `"YOUR_API_KEY"` and `"YOUR_API_SECRET"` in `api.json` with your actual api key and api secret generated by your Bybit demo account.

## Run GridBot
```
python bot.py
```

## Monitor
### Log
You can view the logging messages through the terminal or the log file under `log/`

### State
The state file under `state/` stores the ids of orders, start price, and bot status. This is used when re-running disconnected bot.

# Stop, Disconnect, Re-Run
Entering `control + c` while the bot is running, you can:
1. Close the bot. Close the current position with market order. Cancel all orders.
2. Disconnect. Stop the bot from running but keep the position and orders.
3. Continue. Keep the bot running.

If the bot is disconnected (manual, internet connection failure, terminal killed), you can re-run the bot by initializing `GridBot` with same parameters except `update_period` and `logger_level`. Make sure to change the `"status"` to `"Disconnected"` in the json file with the name of your bot's id under `state/` if the program is killed.
